TimeStamp --> 2024-03-17T13:06:22.435561228
Number of entries --> 31

something considered by an authority or by general consent as a basis of comparison; an approved model.
an object that is regarded as the usual or most common size or form of its kind: We stock the deluxe models as well as the standards.
a rule or principle that is used as a basis for judgment: They tried to establish standards for a new philosophical approach.
an average or normal requirement, quality, quantity, level, grade, etc.: His work this week hasn't been up to his usual standard.
standards, those morals, ethics, habits, etc., established by authority, custom, or an individual as acceptable: He tried to live up to his father's standards.
a grade of beef immediately below good.
the authorized exemplar of a unit of weight or measure.
a certain commodity in or by which a basic monetary unit is stated.: Compare gold standard, silver standard, bimetallism, monometallism.
the legally established content of full-weight coins.
the prescribed degree of fineness for gold or silver.
British. a class or grade in elementary schools.
a musical piece of sufficiently enduring popularity to be made part of a permanent repertoire, especially a popular song.
a flag indicating the presence of a sovereign or public official.
a flag, emblematic figure, or other object raised on a pole to indicate the rallying point of an army, fleet, etc.
Military.
any of various military or naval flags.
the colors of a mounted unit.
Standard, a U.S. Navy radar-guided surface-to-air missile with a range of 10–30 miles (16–48 km).
Heraldry. a long, tapering flag or ensign, as of a monarch or a nation.
something that stands or is placed upright.
a long candlestick or candelabrum used in a church.
an upright support or supporting part.
Armor. a standing collar of mail.
Horticulture. a plant trained or grafted to have a single, erect, treelike stem.
Botany. a distinct petal, larger than the rest, of certain flowers; a vexillum.
serving as a basis of weight, measure, value, comparison, or judgment.
of recognized excellence or established authority: a standard reference on medieval history.
usual, common, or customary: Chairs are standard furniture in American households.
not electric or automatic; manual:standard transmission.
conforming in pronunciation, grammar, vocabulary, etc., to the usage of most educated native speakers, especially those having prestige, and widely considered acceptable or correct: Standard American English;standard pronunciation.: Compare nonstandard (def. 2).
authorized or approved: The program was broadcast on the standard broadcast band.
-----------------------------------------

