TimeStamp --> 2024-03-17T13:05:30.821049081
Number of entries --> 21

a place where an army or other group of persons or an individual is lodged in a tent or tents or other temporary means of shelter.
such tents or shelters collectively: The regiment transported its camp in trucks.
the persons so sheltered: The camp slept through the storm.
the act of camping out: Camp is far more pleasant in summer than in winter.
any temporary structure, as a tent or cabin, used on an outing or vacation.
a group of troops, workers, etc., camping and moving together.
army life.
a group of people favoring the same ideals, doctrines, etc.: Most American voters are divided into two camps, Republicans and Democrats.
any position in which ideals, doctrines, etc., are strongly entrenched: After considering the other side's argument, he changed camps.
a recreation area in the country, equipped with extensive facilities for sports.
day camp.
summer camp.
to establish or pitch a camp: The army camped in the valley.
to live temporarily in or as if in a camp or outdoors, usually for recreation (often followed by out): They camped by the stream for a week.
to reside or lodge somewhere temporarily or irregularly, especially in an apartment, room, etc.: They camped in our apartment whenever they came to town.
to settle down securely and comfortably; become ensconced: The kids camped on our porch until the rain stopped.
to take up a position stubbornly: They camped in front of the president's office.
to put or station (troops) in a camp; shelter.
Digital Technology. (in a video game)
to hunt or search for (an enemy or item) by maintaining a position where it is known to spawn: There were a couple of us camping a notorious monster for rare dropped items.
to hide or take cover in (a relatively safe play area), often as part of an ambush strategy for attacking other characters: Camp a choke point like the bridge, or just hide in the bushes with a sniper rifle and you’ll be the last man standing.
-----------------------------------------

