TimeStamp --> 2024-03-17T13:05:47.714773685
Number of entries --> 33

a turning, shifting, or changing: After the scandal there was a dramatic switch of votes to another candidate.
a slender growing shoot, as of a plant: A forked willow switch can supposedly be used to find water underground.
a slender, flexible shoot, rod, etc., used especially as a whip, as for corporal punishment: Discipline there was done by means of a switch.She would take a switch to the ox, but never more severely than to get its attention.
a stroke, lash, or whisking movement, with or as if with a slender, flexible rod or shoot: She was interrupted by a switch in the face from a tree branch.
Electricity. a device for turning on or off or directing an electric current or for making or breaking a circuit.
Computers.
a device connecting others in a network, enabling communication among them by interrogating each received data packet for its source and destination and then routing it to the appropriate device in the network.: Compare hub (def. 7).
Also called switch state·ment . (in a program or piece of code) a structure permitting a number of different actions as determined by the value of a particular expression.
Also called com·mand-line switch . an argument sent to a program when it is run from the command line rather than via a graphical user interface, and which modifies the function of the command.
Railroads. a track structure for diverting moving trains or rolling stock from one track to another, commonly consisting of a pair of movable rails.
Bridge. a change to a suit other than the one played or bid previously.
Basketball. a maneuver in which two teammates on defense shift assignments so that each guards the opponent usually guarded by the other.
a hairpiece consisting of a bunch or tress of long hair or some substitute, fastened together at one end and worn by women to supplement their own hair.
a tuft of hair at the end of the tail of some animals, as of the cow or lion.
Slang.
(especially in BDSM) a person who is willing to take either a dominant or a submissive role in a sexual relationship.
(in the LGBTQ community) a person who is willing to take either a penetrative or a receptive role in a particular sexual act, especially anal intercourse.
to shift or exchange: The two girls switched their lunch boxes.
to turn, shift, or divert: to switch conversation from a painful subject.
Electricity. to connect, disconnect, or redirect (an electric circuit or the device it serves) by operating a switch (often followed by off or on): I switched on a light.
Railroads.
to move or transfer (a train, car, etc.) from one set of tracks to another.
to drop or add (cars) or to make up (a train).
Movies, Television. to shift rapidly from one camera to another in order to change camera angles or shots.
to whip or beat with a switch or the like; lash: He switched the boy with a cane.
to move, swing, or whisk (a cane, a fishing line, etc.) with a swift, lashing stroke.
to change direction or course; turn, shift, or change.
to exchange or replace something with another: He still eats a lot of potato chips, but he's switched to a brand that's lower in salt.
to make a stroke or strokes with or as with a switch.
to move or sway back and forth, as a cat's tail.
to be shifted, turned, etc., by means of a switch.
Basketball. to execute a switch.
Bridge. to lead a card of a suit different from the suit just led by oneself or one's partner.
-----------------------------------------

