TimeStamp --> 2024-03-17T12:58:02.199533165
Number of entries --> 28

to bring into order again; gather and organize or inspire anew: The general rallied his scattered army.
to draw or call (persons) together for a common action or effort: He rallied his friends to help him.
to concentrate or revive, as one's strength, spirits, etc.: They rallied their energies for the counterattack.
to come together for common action or effort: The disunited party rallied in time for the election campaign.
to come together or into order again: The captain ordered his small force to rally at the next stream.
to come to the assistance of a person, party, or cause (often followed by to or around): to rally around a political candidate.
to recover partially from illness: He spent a bad night but began to rally by morning.
to find renewed strength or vigor: The runner seemed to be rallying for a final sprint.
Finance.
(of securities) to rise sharply in price after a drop.
(of the persons forming a stock market) to begin to trade with increased activity after a slow period.
(in tennis, badminton, etc.) to engage in a rally.
to participate in a long-distance automobile race.
Baseball. (of a team) to score one or more runs in one inning.
a recovery from dispersion or disorder, as of troops.
a renewal or recovery of strength, activity, etc.
a partial recovery of strength during illness.
a drawing or coming together of persons, as for common action, as in a mass meeting: A political rally that brought together hundreds of the faithful.
a get-together of hobbyists or other like-minded enthusiasts, primarily to meet and socialize.
Finance. a sharp rise in price or active trading after a declining market.
(in tennis, badminton, etc.)
an exchange of strokes between players before a point is scored.
the hitting of the ball back and forth prior to the start of a match.
Boxing. an exchange of blows.
Baseball. the scoring of one or more runs in one inning.
British Theater. a quickening of pace for heightening the dramatic effect in a scene or act.
Shipbuilding. a series of blows with battering rams, made in order to drive wedges under a hull to raise it prior to launching.
Also rallye . a long-distance automobile race, especially for sports cars, held over public roads unfamiliar to the drivers, with numerous checkpoints along the route.
-----------------------------------------

