TimeStamp --> 2024-01-23T14:14:26.025367761
Number of entries --> 30

to begin or set out, as on a journey or activity.
to appear or come suddenly into action, life, view, etc.; rise or issue suddenly forth.
to spring, move, or dart suddenly from a position or place: The rabbit started from the bush.
to be among the entrants in a race or the initial participants in a game or contest.
to give a sudden, involuntary jerk, jump, or twitch, as from a shock of surprise, alarm, or pain: The sudden clap of thunder caused everyone to start.
to protrude: eyes seeming to start from their sockets.
to spring, slip, or work loose from place or fastenings, as timbers or other structural parts.
to set moving, going, or acting; to set in operation: to start an automobile; to start a fire.
to establish or found: to start a new business.
to begin work on: to start a book.
to enable or help (someone) set out on a journey, a career, or the like: The record started the young singer on the road to stardom.
to cause or choose to be an entrant in a game or contest: He started his ace pitcher in the crucial game.
to cause (an object) to work loose from place or fastenings.
to rouse (game) from its lair or covert; flush.
to draw or discharge (liquid or other contents) from a vessel or container; empty (a container).
Archaic. to cause to twitch, jump, or flinch involuntarily; startle.
a beginning of an action, journey, etc.
a signal to move, proceed, or begin, as on a course or in a race.
a place or time from which something begins.
the first part or beginning segment of anything: The start of the book was good but the last half was dull.
an instance of being a participant in a race or an initial participant in a game or contest: The horse won his first two starts.
a sudden, springing movement from a position.
a sudden, involuntary jerking movement of the body: to awake with a start.
a lead or advance of specified amount, as over competitors or pursuers.
the position or advantage of one who starts first: The youngest child should have the start over the rest.
a chance, opportunity, aid, or encouragement given to one starting on a course or career: The bride's parents gave the couple a start by buying them a house.
a spurt of activity.
a starting of parts from their place or fastenings in a structure.
the resulting break or opening.
an outburst or sally, as of emotion, wit, or fancy.
-----------------------------------------

