TimeStamp --> 2024-01-23T14:22:24.909144506
Number of entries --> 17


the complex of activities related to the consumption, production, and trade of goods and services, as an ongoing functioning system: Further inflation would seriously endanger the national economy.
Usually the economy . the general state of these activities at a particular time and in a certain country, region, etc.: The economy is booming, blue-collar wages are up, and unemployment is the lowest it's been in decades.We have had a number of clients who lost their jobs due to the economy.
the dominant framework, setting, or context for these activities: Economists predict a restoration of a market-driven capitalist economy in the country.More than 80 percent of the country's population is involved in agriculture, making it one of the most agrarian economies in the world.
thrifty management; frugality in the expenditure or consumption of money, materials, etc.: By careful economy and some small sacrifices, he paid all his debts.
an act or means of thrift; a saving: He achieved a small economy by walking to work instead of taking a bus.
the efficient, sparing, or concise use of something: When you're ill, practicing an economy of effort for everyday tasks is important.
economy class.
the organization or regulation of the parts of a system: The medication disrupts the normal hormonal economy of the body.
Theology.
the divine plan for humanity, from creation through redemption to final beatitude.
the method of divine administration at a particular time or for a particular people.
Obsolete. the management of household affairs.
costing less to make, buy, or operate: With fuel prices so bad, I'm glad I have an economy car.
of or relating to economy class: The economy fare to San Francisco is only $20 cheaper.
intended to save money: They voted to reduce the staff in an economy move.
in economy-class accommodations, or by economy-class conveyance: These days I can only afford to travel economy.
-----------------------------------------

