TimeStamp --> 2024-03-17T13:08:04.358057635
Number of entries --> 30

the sensation produced by stimulation of the organs of hearing by vibrations transmitted through the air or other medium.
mechanical vibrations transmitted through an elastic medium, traveling in air at a speed of approximately 1,087 feet (331 meters) per second at sea level.
the particular auditory effect produced by a given cause: the sound of music.
any auditory effect; any audible vibrational disturbance: all kinds of sounds.
a noise, vocal utterance, musical tone, or the like: the sounds from the next room.
a distinctive, characteristic, or recognizable musical style, as from a particular performer, orchestra, or type of arrangement: the big-band sound.
Phonetics.
speech sound.
the audible result of an utterance or portion of an utterance: the s-sound in “slight”;the sound of m in “mere.”
the auditory effect of sound waves as transmitted or recorded by a particular system of sound reproduction: the sound of a stereophonic recording.
the quality of an event, letter, etc., as it affects a person: This report has a bad sound.
the distance within which the noise of something may be heard.
mere noise, without meaning: all sound and fury.
Archaic. a report or rumor; news; tidings.
to make or emit a sound.
to give forth a sound as a call or summons: The bugle sounded as the troops advanced.
to be heard, as a sound.
to convey a certain impression when heard or read: to sound strange.
to give a specific sound: to sound loud.
to give the appearance of being; seem: The report sounds true.
Law. to have as its basis or foundation (usually followed by in): His action sounds in contract.
to cause to make or emit a sound: to sound a bell.
to give forth (a sound): The oboe sounded an A.
to announce, order, or direct by or as by a sound: The bugle sounded retreat.His speech sounded a warning to aggressor nations.
to utter audibly, pronounce, or express: to sound each letter.
to examine by percussion or auscultation: to sound a patient's chest.
sound off, Informal.
to call out one's name, as at military roll call.
to speak freely or frankly, especially to complain in such a manner.
to exaggerate; boast: Has he been sounding off about his golf game again?
-----------------------------------------

