TimeStamp --> 2024-03-17T12:58:23.185145283
Number of entries --> 76

a supply of goods kept on hand for sale to customers by a merchant, distributor, manufacturer, etc.; inventory.
a quantity of something accumulated, as for future use: a stock of provisions.
livestock.
Theater. a stock company: a job in summer stock.
Finance.
the outstanding capital of a company or corporation.
the shares of a particular company or corporation.
the certificate of ownership of such stock; stock certificate.
(formerly) a tally or stick used in transactions between a debtor and a creditor.
Horticulture.
Also called understock. in grafting, a stem in which the bud or scion is inserted.
a stem, tree, or plant that furnishes slips or cuttings; stock plant.
the trunk or main stem of a tree or other plant, as distinguished from roots and branches.
the type from which a group of animals or plants has been derived.
a species or other related group of animals or plants.
the person from whom a given line of descent is derived; the original progenitor.
Anthropology. a line of descent or lineage; a racial or ethnic group.
Linguistics. a category consisting of language families that, because of resemblances in grammatical structure and vocabulary, are considered likely to be related by common origin.: Compare family (def. 16), phylum (def. 2).
any grouping of related languages.
the handle of a whip, fishing rod, etc.
Firearms.
the wooden or metal piece to which the barrel and mechanism of a rifle are attached.
a part of an automatic weapon, as a machine gun, similar in position or function.
the trunk or stump of a tree, left standing.
a dull or stupid person.
something lifeless or senseless.
the main upright part of anything, especially a supporting structure.
stocks,
a former instrument of punishment consisting of a framework with holes for securing the ankles and, sometimes, the wrists, used to expose an offender to public derision.: Compare pillory (def. 1).
a frame in which a horse or other animal is secured in a standing position for shoeing or for a veterinary operation.
the frame on which a boat rests while under construction.
Nautical.
a vertical shaft forming part of a rudder and controlling the rudder's movement.
a transverse piece of wood or metal near the ring on some anchors.
the metal or wooden body of a carpenter's plane.
Metallurgy.
material being smelted in a blast furnace.
a metal piece to be forged.
Printing.
a specified quality or kind of paper: glossy stock;card stock;offset stock.
the paper for printing a particular job: We don't have enough stock for that large a run.
the raw material from which something is made.
Papermaking. stuff (def. 15).
Cooking. the liquor or broth prepared by boiling meat, fish, chicken, etc., with or without vegetables or seasonings, and used especially as a foundation for soups and sauces.
any of several plants belonging to the genusMatthiola, of the mustard family, especially M. incana, having fragrant white, blue, purple, reddish, or yellowish flowers.
a rhizome or rootstock.
Zoology. a compound organism, as a colony of corals.
a collar or a neckcloth fitting like a band around the neck.
Cards. the portion of a pack of cards that, in certain games, is not dealt out to the players, but is left on the table, to be drawn from as occasion requires.
an adjustable wrench for holding dies for cutting screws.
Railroads. rolling stock.
Dominoes. boneyard (def. 3).
Informal. stock car (def. 1).
Roman Catholic Church. one of a set of three metal containers for holy oil.
Geology, Mining. an irregular igneous intrusion, usually an offshoot of a batholith, often mineralized.
Archaic. a stocking.
Obsolete. the frame of a plow to which the share, handles, etc., are attached.
kept regularly on hand, as for use or sale; staple; standard: stock articles.
having as one's job the care of a concern's goods: a stock clerk.
of the common or ordinary type; in common use: a stock argument.
banal; commonplace: a stock remark.
pertaining to or designating the breeding and raising of livestock: stock farming.
Southern U.S. (chiefly Southern Appalachian and South Atlantic States). (of farm animals) being a fully grown male: a stock hog.
of or relating to the stock of a company or corporation: a stock report.
Theater.
pertaining to a stock company.
appearing together in a repertoire, as a company.
forming part of a repertoire, as a play.
being a character type fixed by convention, as in the commedia dell'-arte, a harlequinade, minstrel show, or the like.
Informal. of, relating to, or characteristic of a stock car.
to furnish with a stock or supply.
to furnish with stock, as a farm with horses, cattle, etc.
to lay up in store, as for future use.
to fasten to or provide with a stock, as a rifle, plow, bell, anchor, etc.
to put in the stocks as a punishment.
to lay in a stock of something (often followed by up).
-----------------------------------------

