TimeStamp --> 2024-01-23T14:33:40.560962650
Number of entries --> 16

a sloping surface connecting two levels; incline.
a short concave slope or bend, as one connecting the higher and lower parts of a staircase railing at a landing.
any extensive sloping walk or passageway.
the act of ramping.
Also called boarding ramp . a movable staircase for entering or leaving a cabin door of an airplane.
Also called parking ramp . apron (def. 6).
to rise or grow steadily; climb: The private debt crisis is due partly to insanely ramping student loan debt. Here are my top 10 tips for ramping quickly in a new sales role.
Chiefly British. to rush or dash about (usually followed by about or around): No need to go ramping around to different plant nurseries—we have the perfect soil mix right here.Our littlest guests can enjoy themselves ramping about the adventure playroom.
to act or move about wildly or furiously; rage; storm (often followed by about or around): If it were me ramping and raging in here like that, you'd call security to escort me out.
(of a lion or other large quadruped on a coat of arms) to be depicted in a stylized way, standing on the hind legs with forelegs raised: The green ramping lion on the silver shield is taken from the Shireburn coat of arms.: See also rampant (def. 5).
(of an animal) to stand or move with the forelegs raised, as in animosity or excitement; rear: The painting shows Napoleon astride a ramping horse.The author vividly describes the angry bear ramping from side to side.
to provide with a ramp or ramps: Entrances will be ramped to accommodate those in wheelchairs.
to increase or raise in amount, intensity, extent, etc., especially steadily; build: They’ve come up with a plan to ramp national production of renewable energy.Suddenly, after a barrage of wordy lyrics, she ramps the song into soaring gospel mode.
British. to buy up (shares) in order to generate demand and increase the share price, with the fraudulent intention of quickly selling afterward: The bank's brokers have been accused of ramping shares in a mining company.
ramp along, Nautical. to sail on a tack with all sails filled.
ramp up. See entry at ramp-up.
-----------------------------------------

