TimeStamp --> 2024-03-17T13:05:41.870918715
Number of entries --> 62

a structure consisting essentially of an upright and a transverse piece, used to execute persons in ancient times.
any object, figure, or mark resembling a cross, as two intersecting lines.
a mark resembling a cross, usually an X, made instead of a signature by a person unable to write.
the Cross, the cross upon which Jesus died.
a figure of the Cross as a Christian emblem, badge, etc.
the Cross as the symbol of Christianity.
a small cross with a human figure attached to it, as a representation of Jesus crucified; crucifix.
a sign made with the right hand by tracing the figure of a cross in the air or by touching the foreheard, chest, and shoulders, as an act of devotion.
a structure or monument in the form of a cross, set up for prayer, as a memorial, etc.
any of various conventional representations or modifications of the Christian emblem used symbolically or for ornament, as in heraldry or art: a Latin cross;a Maltese cross.
the crucifixion of Jesus as the culmination of His redemptive mission.
any suffering endured for Jesus' sake.
the teaching of redemption gained by Jesus' death.
the Christian religion, or those who accept it; Christianity; Christendom.
an opposition; thwarting; frustration.
any misfortune; trouble.
a crossing of animals or plants; a mixing of breeds.
an animal, plant, breed, etc., produced by crossing; crossbreed.
a person or thing that is intermediate in character between two others.
Boxing. a punch thrown across and over the lead of an opponent: a left jab, followed by a right cross.
Older Slang. a contest the result of which is dishonestly arranged beforehand: Many of the onlookers, especially some who had bet heavily on Taylor, complained loudly that the fight was a “damnable cross.”
a crossing.
a place of crossing.
Plumbing. a four-way joint or connection.
Theater. an actor's movement from one area of a stage to another.
Also called cross-trade [kraws-treyd, kros-] /ˈkrɔsˌtreɪd, ˈkrɒs-/ .Stock Exchange. an arrangement for the simultaneous sale and purchase of a block of stock handled by a single broker.
Machinery. spider (def. 6b).
(initial capital letter)Astronomy. Southern Cross.
to move, pass, or extend from one side to the other side of (a street, river, etc.).
to put or draw (a line, lines, etc.) across.
to cancel by marking with a cross or with a line or lines (often followed by off or out).
to mark with a cross.
to lie or pass across; intersect.
to meet and pass.
to transport across something.
to assist or guide (a person) across a street or intersection: The guard crossed the child at the traffic light.
to place in the form of a cross or crosswise.
Biology. to cause (members of different genera, species, breeds, varieties, or the like) to interbreed.
to oppose openly; thwart; frustrate.
Slang. to betray; double-cross.
to make the sign of a cross upon or over, as in devotion: to cross oneself.
Nautical. to set (a yard) in proper position on a mast.
Obsolete. to confront in a hostile manner.
to lie or be athwart; intersect.
to move, pass, or extend from one side or place to another: Cross at the intersection.
to meet and pass.
to interbreed.
Theater. to move from one side of the stage to the other, especially by passing downstage of another actor.
angry and annoyed; ill-humored; snappish: Don't be cross with me.
lying or passing crosswise or across each other; athwart; transverse: cross timbers.
involving a reciprocal action, interchange, or the like: a cross-endorsement of political candidates;cross-marketing of related services.
contrary; opposite: They were at cross purposes with each other.
adverse; unfavorable.
crossbred; hybrid.
cross over, : Also cross over to the other side .
Biology. (of a chromosome segment) to undergo crossing over.
to switch allegiance, as from one political party to another.
to change successfully from one field of endeavor, genre, etc., to another: to cross over from jazz to rock.
to die; pass away.
cross up,
to change arrangements made with; deceive: He crossed me up after we had agreed to tell the police the same story.
to confuse: I was supposed to meet him at the station, but got crossed up.
-----------------------------------------

