TimeStamp --> 2024-03-17T13:02:08.831426833
Number of entries --> 30

a small, slender piece, as of wood, separated by chopping, cutting, or breaking.
a very thin slice or small piece of food, candy, etc.: chocolate chips.
a mark or flaw made by the breaking off or gouging out of a small piece: This glass has a chip.
any of the small round disks, usually of plastic or ivory, used as tokens for money in certain gambling games, as roulette or poker; counter.
Also called microchip .Electronics. a tiny slice of semiconducting material, generally in the shape of a square a few millimeters long, cut from a larger wafer of the material, on which a transistor or an entire integrated circuit is formed.: Compare microprocessor.
a small cut or uncut piece of a diamond or crystal.
anything trivial or worthless.
something dried up or without flavor.
a piece of dried dung: buffalo chips.
wood, straw, etc., in thin strips for weaving into hats, baskets, etc.
Golf. chip shot.
Tennis. a softly sliced return shot with heavy backspin.
the strip of material removed by a recording stylus as it cuts the grooves in a record.
chips, Chiefly British. French fries.
to hew or cut with an ax, chisel, etc.
to cut, break off, or gouge out (bits or fragments): He chipped a few pieces of ice from the large cube.
to disfigure by breaking off a fragment: to chip the edge of a saucer.
to shape or produce by cutting or flaking away pieces: to chip a figure out of wood.
Games. to bet by means of chips, as in poker.
Tennis. to slice (a ball) on a return shot, causing it to have heavy backspin.
Slang. to take (a narcotic drug) occasionally, especially only in sufficient quantity to achieve a mild euphoria.
Chiefly British Sports. to hit or kick (a ball) a short distance forward.
British Slang. to jeer or criticize severely; deride; taunt.
Australian. to hoe; harrow.
to break off in small pieces.
Golf. to make a chip shot.
chip in,
to contribute money or assistance; participate.
Games. to bet a chip or chips, as in poker.
to interrupt a conversation to say something; butt in: We all chipped in with our suggestions for the reunion.
-----------------------------------------

