TimeStamp --> 2024-03-17T13:03:30.477309086
Number of entries --> 22

to keep apart or divide, as by an intervening barrier or space: to separate two fields by a fence.
to put, bring, or force apart; part: to separate two fighting boys.
to set apart; disconnect; dissociate: to separate church and state.
to remove or sever from association, service, etc., especially legally or formally: He was separated from the army right after V-E Day.
to sort, part, divide, or disperse (an assemblage, mass, compound, etc.), as into individual units, components, or elements.
to take by parting or dividing; extract (usually followed by from or out): to separate metal from ore.
Mathematics. to write (the variables of a differential equation) in a form in which the differentials of the independent and dependent variables are, respectively, functions of these variables alone: We can separate the variables to solve the equation.: Compare separation of variables.
to part company; withdraw from personal association (often followed by from): to separate from a church.
(of a married pair) to stop living together but without getting a divorce.
to draw or come apart; become divided, disconnected, or detached.
to become parted from a mass or compound: Cream separates from milk.
to take or go in different directions: We have to separate at the crossroad.
detached, disconnected, or disjoined.
unconnected; distinct; unique: two separate questions.
being or standing apart; distant or dispersed: two separate houses;The desert has widely separate oases.
existing or maintained independently: separate organizations.
individual or particular: each separate item.
not shared; individual or private: separate checks;separate rooms.
Sometimes Sep路a路rate . noting or relating to a church or other organization no longer associated with the original or parent organization.
Usually sep路a路rates . women's outer garments that may be worn in combination with a variety of others to make different ensembles, as matching and contrasting blouses, skirts, and sweaters.
offprint (def. 1).
a bibliographical unit, as an article, chapter, or other portion of a larger work, printed from the same type but issued separately, sometimes with additional pages.
-----------------------------------------

