TimeStamp --> 2024-01-23T14:18:14.893638582
Number of entries --> 34

the comparative darkness caused by the interception or screening of rays of light from an object, place, or area.
a place or an area of comparative darkness, such as one sheltered from the sun.
window shade.
a lampshade.
anything used for protection against excessive light, heat, etc.
a shadow.
the degree of darkness of a color, determined by the quantity of black or by the lack of illumination.
comparative darkness, as the effect of shadow or dark and light, in pictorial representation; the dark part, or a dark part, of a picture or drawing.
(in architectural shades and shadows) a shadow upon those parts of a solid that are tangent to or turned away from the parallel rays from the theoretical light source.: Compare shadow (def. 11).
shades,
Informal. sunglasses.
darkness gathering at the close of day: Shades of night are falling.
a reminder of something: shades of the Inquisition.
a slight variation or degree: a shade of difference.
a little bit; touch, especially of something that may change the color of or lighten or darken something else: coffee with a shade of cream.
Usually shades. a secluded or obscure place: He was living in the shades.
comparative obscurity.
Slang. insults, criticism, or disrespect delivered in an indirect, artful manner: The network cast some subtle shade at its rival with its new advertisement.No shade to anyone with kids out there, but I could never be a parent.
a specter or ghost.
Greek Mythology, Roman Mythology. one of the spirits of the dead inhabiting Hades.
the shades, Hades, as the abode of the spirits of the dead.
to produce comparative darkness in or on.
to obscure, dim, or darken.
to screen or hide from view.
to protect (something) from light, heat, etc., by or as if by a screen: It is important to shade the eyes from a bright light.
to cover or screen (a candle, light, etc.): Shade the light to protect your eyes.
Fine Arts.
to introduce degrees of darkness into (a drawing or painting) in order to render light and shadow or give the effect of color.
to render the values of light and dark in (a drawn figure, object, etc.), especially in order to create the illusion of three-dimensionality.
to change by imperceptible degrees into something else.
to reduce (the price) by way of a concession.
Slang. to insult, criticize, or disrespect (a person or thing) in an indirect, artful manner: He got into a fight with someone who shaded his mom.
to pass or change by slight graduations, as one color, quality, or thing into another.
shade up, Agriculture. to take shelter (as livestock) from the sun.
-----------------------------------------

