TimeStamp --> 2024-03-17T13:10:54.751464866
Number of entries --> 37

to make the form, nature, content, future course, etc., of (something) different from what it is or from what it would be if left alone: to change one's name;to change one's opinion;to change the course of history.
to transform or convert (usually followed by into): The witch changed the prince into a toad.
to substitute another or others for; exchange for something else, usually of the same kind: She changed her shoes when she got home from the office.
to give and take reciprocally; interchange: to change places with someone.
to transfer from one (conveyance) to another: You'll have to change planes in Chicago.
to give or get an equivalent amount of money in lower denominations in exchange for: to change a five-dollar bill.
to give or get foreign money in exchange for: to change dollars into euros.
to remove and replace the covering or coverings of: to change a bed.
to remove a dirty diaper from (a baby) and replace it with a clean one: new parents, learning to change a baby.
to become different: Overnight the nation's mood changed.
to become altered or modified: Colors change if they are exposed to the sun.
to become transformed or converted (usually followed by into): The toad changed back into a prince.
to pass gradually into (usually followed by to or into): Summer changed to autumn.
to switch or to make an exchange: If you want to sit next to the window, I'll change with you.
to transfer between trains or other conveyances: We can take the local and change to an express at the next stop.
to remove one's clothes and put on different clothes: She changed into jeans.
(of the moon) to pass from one phase to another.
(of the voice) to become deeper in tone; come to have a lower register: The boy's voice began to change when he was thirteen.
the act or fact of changing; fact of being changed: They are pleased by the change in their son's behavior.
a transformation or modification; alteration: They noticed the change in his facial expression.
a variation or deviation: a change in the daily routine.
the substitution of one thing for another: We finally made the change to an oil-burning furnace.
variety or novelty: Let's try a new restaurant for a change.
the passing from one place, state, form, or phase to another: a change of seasons;social change.
Jazz. harmonic progression from one tonality to another; modulation.
the supplanting of one thing by another: We need a total change of leadership.
anything that is or may be substituted for another.
a fresh set of clothing.
money given in exchange for an equivalent of higher denomination.
a balance of money that is returned when the sum tendered in payment is larger than the sum due.
coins of low denomination.
any of the various sequences in which a peal of bells may be rung.
Also 'change .British. exchange (def. 10).
Obsolete. changefulness; caprice.
change off,
to take turns with another, as at doing a task.
to alternate between two tasks or between a task and a rest break.
-----------------------------------------

