TimeStamp --> 2024-01-23T14:26:31.446216818
Number of entries --> 26

free from imperfection; complete; perfect: absolute liberty.
not mixed or adulterated; pure: absolute alcohol.
complete; downright: an absolute lie;an absolute denial;They made absolute fools of themselves at the party last night.
free from restriction or limitation; not limited in any way: absolute command;absolute freedom.
unrestrained or unlimited by a constitution, counterbalancing group, etc., in the exercise of governmental power, especially when arbitrary or despotic: an absolute monarch.
viewed independently; not comparative or relative; intrinsic: absolute knowledge.
positive; certain: absolute in opinion;absolute evidence.
Grammar.
relatively independent syntactically: the construction It being Sunday in It being Sunday, the family went to church is an absolute construction.
(of a usually transitive verb) used without an object, as the verb give in The charity asked him to give.
(of an adjective) having its noun understood, not expressed, as rich in The rich get richer.
characterizing the phonological form of a word or phrase occurring by itself, not influenced by surrounding forms, as not in is not (as opposed to isn't), or will in they will (as opposed to they'll).: Compare sandhi.
Physics.
independent of arbitrary standards or of particular properties of substances or systems: absolute humidity.
pertaining to a system of units, as the centimeter-gram-second system, based on some primary units, especially units of length, mass, and time.
pertaining to a measurement based on an absolute zero or unit: absolute temperature.
Education. noting or pertaining to the scale of a grading system based on an individual's performance considered as representing their knowledge of a given subject regardless of the performance of others in a group: The math department grades on an absolute scale.: Compare curve (def. 10).
Climatology. noting or pertaining to the highest or lowest value of a meteorological quantity recorded during a given, usually long, period of time: absolute maximum temperature.
Mathematics. (of an inequality) indicating that the expression is true for all values of the variable, as x2 + 1 > 0 for all real numbers x;unconditional; : Compare conditional (def. 4).
Computers. machine-specific and requiring no translation (opposed to symbolic): absolute coding;absolute address.
something that is not dependent upon external conditions for existence or for its specific nature, size, etc. (opposed to relative).
the absolute,
something that is free from any restriction or condition.
something that is independent of some or all relations.
something that is perfect or complete.
(in Hegelianism) the world process operating in accordance with the absolute idea.
-----------------------------------------

