TimeStamp --> 2024-01-23T14:26:02.696183977
Number of entries --> 22

a body of coherent matter, usually of indefinite shape and often of considerable size: a mass of dough.
Medicine/Medical, Pathology. an abnormal lump in the body, often in the form of a cyst or tumor: The mass they removed was alarmingly large, but the great news is that it was benign.
a collection of incoherent particles, parts, or objects regarded as forming one body: a mass of sand.
aggregate; whole (usually preceded by in the): People, in the mass, mean well.
a considerable assemblage, number, or quantity: a mass of errors; a mass of troops.
bulk, size, expanse, or massiveness: towers of great mass and strength.
Fine Arts.
Painting. an expanse of color or tone that defines form or shape in general outline rather than in detail.
a shape or three-dimensional volume that has or gives the illusion of having weight, density, and bulk.
the main body, bulk, or greater part of anything: the great mass of American films.
Physics. the quantity of matter as determined from its weight or from Newton's second law of motion. Abbreviation: m: Compare weight (def. 2), relativistic mass, rest mass.
Pharmacology. a preparation of thick, pasty consistency, from which pills are made.
the masses, the ordinary or common people as a whole; the working classes or the lower social classes.

pertaining to, involving, or affecting a large number of people: mass unemployment; mass migrations.
affecting a number of people, but more than two and typically a large number: mass murder;a mass shooting.
participated in or performed by a large number of people, especially together in a group: mass demonstrations; mass suicide.
pertaining to, involving, or characteristic of the mass of the people: the mass mind; a movie designed to appeal to a mass audience.
reaching or designed to reach a large number of people: television, newspapers, and other means of mass communication.
done on a large scale or in large quantities: mass destruction.
to come together in or form a mass or masses: The clouds are massing in the west.
to gather into or dispose in a mass or masses; assemble: The houses are massed in blocks.
-----------------------------------------

