TimeStamp --> 2024-03-17T13:06:30.419356969
Number of entries --> 44

to cause to move to and fro, sway, or oscillate, as something suspended from above: to swing one's arms in walking.
to cause to move in alternate directions or in either direction around a fixed point, on an axis, or on a line of support, as a door on hinges.
to move (the hand or something held) with an oscillating or rotary movement: to swing one's fists; to swing a club around one's head.
Aeronautics. to pull or turn (a propeller) by hand, especially in order to start the engine.
to turn in a new direction in a curve, as if around a central point: to swing the car into the driveway.
to suspend so as to hang freely, as a hammock or a door.
Informal. to influence or win over; manage or arrange as desired: to swing votes; to swing a business deal.
to direct, change, or shift (one's interest, opinion, support, etc.).
to turn (a ship or aircraft) to various headings in order to check compass deviation.
to move or sway to and fro, as a pendulum or other suspended object.
to move to and fro in a swing, as for recreation.
to move in alternate directions or in either direction around a point, an axis, or a line of support, as a gate on its hinges.
to move in a curve, as around a corner or central point: The highway swings to the east.
to move with a free, swaying motion, as soldiers on the march.
to be suspended so as to hang freely, as a bell or hammock.
to move by grasping a support with the hands and drawing up the arms or using the momentum of the swaying body: a monkey swinging through trees.
to change or shift one's attention, interest, opinion, condition, etc.: He swung from mere indifference to outright scorn.
to hit at someone or something, with the hand or something grasped in the hand: The batter swung and struck out.
Slang.
to be characterized by a modern, lively atmosphere: Las Vegas swings all year.
to be stylish, trendy, hip, etc., especially in pursuing enjoyment.
to engage uninhibitedly in sexual activity.
(of married couples) to exchange partners for sexual activity.
Informal. to suffer death by hanging: He'll swing for the crime.
the act, manner, or progression of swinging; movement in alternate directions or in a particular direction.
the amount or extent of such movement: to correct the swing of a pendulum.
a curving movement or course.
a moving of the body with a free, swaying motion, as in walking.
a blow or stroke with the hand or an object grasped in the hands: His swing drove the ball over the fence.
a change or shift in attitude, opinion, behavior, etc.
a steady, marked rhythm or movement, as of verse or music.
a regular upward or downward movement in the price of a commodity or of a security, or in any business activity.
Informal.
a work period coming between the regular day and night shifts.
a change by a group of workers from working one shift to working another.
freedom of action: to have free swing in carrying out a project.
active operation; progression: to get into the swing of things.
something that is swung or that swings.
a seat suspended from above by means of a loop of rope or between ropes or rods, on which one may sit and swing to and fro for recreation.
the maximum diameter of the work machinable in a certain lathe or other machine tool.
of or relating to a swing.
capable of determining the outcome, as of an election; deciding, as in swing vote; swing voter.
designed or constructed to permit swinging or hanging.
acting to relieve other workers when needed, as at night.
-----------------------------------------

