TimeStamp --> 2024-03-17T13:00:10.520328863
Number of entries --> 41

a relatively long, evenly shaped piece of some solid substance, as metal or wood, used as a guard or obstruction or for some mechanical purpose: the bars of a cage.
an oblong piece of any solid material: a bar of soap;a candy bar.
the amount of material in a bar.
an ingot, lump, or wedge of gold or silver.
a long ridge of sand, gravel, or other material near or slightly above the surface of the water at or near the mouth of a river or harbor entrance, often constituting an obstruction to navigation.
anything that obstructs, hinders, or impedes; obstacle; barrier: a bar to important legislation.
a counter or place where beverages, especially liquors, or light meals are served to customers: a snack bar;a milk bar.
a barroom or tavern.
(in a home) a counter, small wagon, or similar piece of furniture for serving food or beverages: a breakfast bar.
the legal profession.
the practicing members of the legal profession in a given community.
any tribunal: the bar of public opinion.
a band or strip: a bar of light.
a railing in a courtroom separating the general public from the part of the room occupied by the judges, jury, attorneys, etc.
a crowbar.
Music.
Also called bar line . the line marking the division between two measures of music.
double bar.
the unit of music contained between two bar lines; measure.
Ballet. barre.
Law.
an objection that nullifies an action or claim.
a stoppage or defeat of an alleged right of action.
Typography. a horizontal stroke of a type character, as of an A, H, t, and sometimes e.
Architecture. (in tracery) a relatively long and slender upright of stone treated as a colonette or molded.
Building Trades.
an iron or steel shape: I-bar.
a muntin.
Military. one of a pair of metal or cloth insignia worn by certain commissioned officers.
bars, the transverse ridges on the roof of the mouth of a horse.
a space between the molar and canine teeth of a horse into which the bit is fitted.
(in a bridle) the mouthpiece connecting the cheeks.
bride2 (def. 1).
Heraldry. a horizontal band, narrower than a fess, that crosses the field of an escutcheon.
Obsolete. a gateway capable of being barred.
to equip or fasten with a bar or bars: Bar the door before retiring for the night.
to block by or as if by bars: The police barred the exits in an attempt to prevent the thief's escape.
to prevent or hinder: They barred her entrance to the club.
to exclude or except: He was barred from membership because of his reputation.
to mark with bars, stripes, or bands.
except; omitting; but: bar none.
-----------------------------------------

