TimeStamp --> 2024-01-23T14:21:49.549549783
Number of entries --> 63

to stop or arrest the motion of suddenly or forcibly: He checked the horse at the edge of the cliff.
to restrain; hold in restraint or control: They built a high wall to check the tides.
to cause a reduction, such as in rate or intensity; diminish: The new measures checked the rapidity with which the epidemic was spreading.
to investigate or verify as to correctness: She checked the copy against the original.
to make an inquiry into, search through, etc.: We checked the files, but the letter was missing.
to inspect or test the performance, condition, safety, etc., of (something): Check a used car thoroughly before buying it.
to mark (something) so as to indicate examination, correctness, preference, etc. (often followed by off): Please check the correct answer. They checked off the names of people they wanted to invite.
to leave in temporary custody: Check your umbrellas at the door.
to accept for temporary custody: We accept responsibility for any article we check here.
to send (baggage) on a passenger's ticket, usually on the same carrier used by the passenger, for pickup at the destination: We checked two trunks through to Portland.
to accept (baggage) for conveyance, and to convey, under the privilege of a passenger's ticket: Check this trunk to Portland.
to mark with or in a pattern of squares: to check fabric.
Agriculture. to plant in checkrows.
Chess. to place (an opponent's king) under direct attack.
Ice Hockey. to obstruct or impede the movement or progress of (an opponent).: Compare back-check, fore-check.
Baseball. (of a batter) to hold back on (a swing of the bat) just after the swing has been started: The umpire is saying Cruz did check his swing, so that’ll be ball three.: See also checked swing.
Baseball. (of a pitcher) to turn and look at (a base runner) to inhibit the runner from leading: Lopez checks the runner on second, looks back at Hamilton, and fires another sidearm pitch.
to prove to be right; correspond accurately: The reprint checks with the original, item for item.
to make an inquiry, investigation, etc., such as for verification (often followed by up, into, etc.): He checked to make sure his answer was correct. Check into the matter.
to make a sudden stop; pause: The horse checked before he jumped.
Chess. to make a move that puts the opponent's king under direct attack.
Baseball. (of a batter) to hold back on a swing of the bat just after the swing has been started: From our perspective, it’s hard to tell whether he checked or not.: See also checked swing.
to crack or split, usually in small checks: Painted surfaces may check with age.
Poker. to decline to initiate the betting in a betting round, usually to force another player to make the first bet rather than raise it.
Hunting. (of hounds) to stop, especially because the line of scent has been lost.
Falconry. (of a hawk) to forsake the proper prey and follow baser game (followed by at).
Also British, cheque .Banking. a written order, usually on a standard printed form, directing a bank to pay money.
a slip or ticket showing the amount owed, especially a bill for food or beverages consumed.
a ticket or token that when matched with a counterpart identifies an article left in the temporary custody of another, the purchaser of a ticket, a person who is to be served next, etc.
a criterion, standard, or means to insure against error, fraud, etc.: This handmade sample is a check that the machine-made samples have to match.
an inquiry, search, or examination: We made a quick check but found nothing missing.
Also called check mark . a mark, often indicated by (✓), as on a list, to indicate that something has been considered, acted upon, or approved.
a person or thing that stops, limits, slows, or restrains: The increase of duty was an effective check on imports. He was a check on her enthusiasm.
a sudden arrest or stoppage: Taxation caused a check in the accumulation of vast fortunes.
a control, test, or inspection that ascertains performance or prevents error: They ran a check on the dependability of the automobile.
a pattern formed of squares, as on a checkerboard.
one of the squares in such a pattern.
a fabric having a check pattern.
Chess. the exposure of the king to direct attack: The king was in check.
Ice Hockey. any of several maneuvers designed to obstruct or impede the forward progress of an opponent.: Compare board check, body check, cross-check (def. 5), hook check, poke check, sweep check.
a counter used in card games, as the chip in poker.
a small crack: There were several checks in the paint.
an egg, designated for market, having a slightly cracked shell and an intact inner membrane.
Masonry. a rabbet-shaped cutting on the edge of a stone, by which it is fitted to another stone.
Hunting.
the losing of the scent by a dog or pack.
(in fox hunting) a period in a hunt, following the losing of the scent by the hounds, during which the field rests quietly while the hounds cast to regain the scent.
serving to check, control, verify, etc.: a check system.
ornamented with a pattern of squares; checkered: a check border.
Chess. (used as a call to warn one's opponent that their king is exposed to direct attack, having just one move in which to escape or parry.)
Informal. all right! agreed!
check in, to register, as at a hotel; indicate one's arrival or presence at a place, function, etc., usually by signing an appropriate form: We checked in at the reception desk.
check on / up on to investigate, scrutinize, or inspect: Don't forget to check on his work. We have to check up on him.
check out,
to vacate and pay for one's quarters at a hotel.
to verify or become verified; examine or investigate.
to fulfill requirements, as by passing a test: The engine checked out and we proceeded on our way.
to itemize, total the cost of, and collect payment for (a purchase): The supermarket cashier was exhausted from checking out groceries all day long.
to have the cost added up and pay for merchandise.
to borrow (an item) by having it listed as one's temporary responsibility: The adding machine was checked out in your name.
Informal. to depart quickly or abruptly; leave in a hurry.
Slang. to die.
check over, to examine or investigate, especially thoroughly.
-----------------------------------------

