TimeStamp --> 2024-03-17T13:00:13.650961936
Number of entries --> 25

to come more or less violently in contact with; collide with; strike: His car bumped a truck.
to cause to strike or collide: He bumped the car against a tree.
to dislodge or displace by the force of collision.
to dislodge by appropriating the privileges of: The airline bumped me from the flight.
to demote or dismiss: He was bumped from his job.
to force upward; raise: Demand from abroad bumped the price of corn.
to move to a new position: We had to bump your story to next week's paper.
Digital Technology. to move (an online post or thread) to the top of the reverse chronological list by adding a new comment or post to the thread: I bumped the question I posted last week to make it more visible.
Poker. raise (def. 24).
to come in contact or collide with (often followed by against or into): She bumped into me.
to bounce along; proceed in a series of jolts: The old car bumped down the road.
to dance by thrusting the pelvis forward abruptly, in a provocative manner, especially to the accompaniment of an accented musical beat.: Compare grind (def. 14).
to boil with violent jolts caused by the sudden eruption of large bubbles through the surface.
an act or instance of bumping; collision; blow.
the shock of a blow or collision.
a swelling or contusion from a blow.
a small area raised above the level of the surrounding surface; protuberance: He tripped over a bump on the sidewalk.
Informal. a promotion or demotion; transfer to a higher or lower level: He got a bump to vice president of the company.
Informal. an increase in amount, especially of salary or a wager:He asked the boss for a ten-dollar bump.
Aeronautics. a rapidly rising current of air that gives an airplane a severe upward thrust.
a dance movement in which the pelvis is abruptly thrust forward in a provocative manner, especially to the accompaniment of an accented musical beat.: Compare grind (def. 20).
Mining. crump (def. 6).
Television. bumper1 (def. 9a).
bump into, Informal. to meet by chance: I bumped into an old friend yesterday.
bump off, Slang. to kill, especially to murder: They bumped him off because he knew too much.
-----------------------------------------

