TimeStamp --> 2024-03-17T13:06:25.893424444
Number of entries --> 21

to exercise restraint or direction over; dominate: command: The car is difficult to control at high speeds.That zone is controlled by enemy troops.
to hold in check; curb: to control a horse;to control one's emotions.
to test or verify (a scientific experiment) by a parallel experiment or other standard of comparison.
to eliminate or prevent the flourishing or spread of: to control a forest fire.
Biology. (of an organism) to initiate an internal response to external stimuli.
Obsolete. to check or regulate (transactions), originally by means of a duplicate register.
the act or power of controlling; regulation; domination or command: Who's in control here?
the situation of being under the regulation, domination, or command of another: The car is out of control.
check or restraint: Her anger is under control.
a legal or official means of regulation or restraint: to institute wage and price controls.
Statistics. control variable (def. 1).
a person who acts as a check; controller.
a device for regulating and guiding a machine, as a motor or airplane.
controls, a coordinated arrangement of such devices.
prevention of the flourishing or spread of something undesirable: rodent control.
Biology. an organism’s ability to initiate an internal response to external stimuli (distinguished from regulation).
Baseball. the ability of a pitcher to throw the ball into the strike zone consistently: The rookie pitcher has great power but no control.
Philately. any device printed on a postage or revenue stamp to authenticate it as a government issue or to identify it for bookkeeping purposes.
a spiritual agency believed to assist a medium at a séance.
the supervisor to whom an espionage agent reports when in the field.
control for, Statistics. to account for (variables in an analysis) by limiting the data under consideration to a comparison of like things: to control for demographic factors.
-----------------------------------------

