TimeStamp --> 2024-01-23T14:13:10.746257886
Number of entries --> 73

to fasten or attach (a thing) so that it is supported only from above or at a point near its own top; suspend.
to attach or suspend so as to allow free movement: to hang a pendulum.
to place in position or fasten so as to allow easy or ready movement.
to put to death by suspending by the neck from a gallows, gibbet, yardarm, or the like.
to suspend (oneself) by the neck until dead: He hanged himself from a beam in the attic.
to fasten to a cross; crucify.
to furnish or decorate with something suspended: to hang a room with pictures.
to fasten into position; fix at a proper angle: to hang a scythe.
to fasten or attach (wallpaper, pictures, etc.) to a wall: to hang pictures in a room.
to suspend (something) in front of anything: to hang curtains on a window.
Fine Arts.
to exhibit (a painting or group of paintings): The gallery hung his paintings in a small corner.
to put the paintings of (an art exhibition) on the wall of a gallery: They hung the show that morning.
to attach or annex as an addition: to hang a rider on a bill.
to attach (a door or the like) to its frame by means of hinges.
to allow to droop:He hung his head in shame.
to make (an idea, form, etc.) dependent on a situation, structure, concept, or the like, usually derived from another source: He hung the meaning of his puns on the current political scene.
(of a juror) to keep (a jury) from rendering a verdict by refusing to agree with the others.
Digital Technology. freeze (def. 28): If a critical error hangs your operating system, you will need to reboot the computer.
Informal. to cause (a nickname, epithet, etc.) to become associated with a person: Friends hung that nickname on him.
Slang. to hit with (a fist, blow, punch, etc.): He hung a left on his opponent's jaw.
Baseball. to throw (a pitch) so that it fails to break, as a curve.
Nautical. to steady (a boat) in one place against a wind or current by thrusting a pole or the like into the bottom under the boat and allowing the wind or current to push the boat side-on against the pole.
(used in mild curses and emphatic expressions, often as a euphemism for damn): I'll be hanged if I do. Hang it all!
to be suspended; dangle.
to swing freely, as on a hinge.
to incline downward, jut out, or lean over or forward: The tree hung over the edge of the lake.
to be suspended by the neck, as from a gallows, and suffer death in this way.
to be crucified.
to droop or sag:After the drastic weight loss, his skin seemed to hang from his frame.
to fit or drape in graceful lines: That coat hangs well in back.
to be conditioned or contingent; be dependent: His future hangs on the outcome of their discussion.
to be doubtful or undecided; waver or hesitate: He hung between staying and going.
to remain unfinished or undecided; be delayed: Let that matter hang until our next meeting.
to linger, remain, or persist: He hung by her side, unwilling to leave.
to float or hover in the air: Fog hung over the city.
to be oppressive, burdensome, or tedious: guilt that hangs on one's conscience.
to remain in attention or consideration (often followed by on or upon): They hung on his every word.
Digital Technology. freeze (def. 13): That program hangs during launch, so I’ve never been able to use it.
Fine Arts.
to be exhibited: His works hang in most major museums.
to have one's works on display: Rembrandt hangs in the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Informal. to spend time somewhere or with someone; hang out.
the way in which a thing hangs.
Informal. the precise manner of doing, using, etc., something; knack: to get the hang of a tool.
Informal. meaning or thought: to get the hang of a subject.
Digital Technology. freeze (def. 38).
Nautical.
loss of way due to adverse wind or current.
a rake, as of a mast.
the least degree of care, concern, etc. (used in mild curses and emphatic expressions as a euphemism for damn): He doesn't give a hang about those things.
hang around / about Informal.
to spend time in a certain place or in certain company: He hangs around with an older crowd.
to linger about; loiter: They had stopped working and were just hanging around to talk.
hang back,
to be reluctant to proceed or move forward: The older pupils went straight to the podium, but the younger ones hung back out of shyness.
to refrain from taking action; hesitate: A forward pass would have been the best call, but the quarterback hung back because his last pass had been intercepted.
hang in, Slang. to persevere: She has managed to hang in despite years of bad luck.: Also hang in there .
hang on,
to hold fast; cling to.
to continue with effort; persevere: If you can hang on for a month longer, you will be eligible for the bonus.
to be sustained to the point of danger, tedium, etc.: coughs that hang on for months.
to keep a telephone line open: Hang on, I'll see if she's here.
to wait briefly; keep calm.
hang out. See entry at hangout.
hang over,
to remain to be settled; be postponed: They will probably let the final decision hang over until next year.
to be imminent or foreboding; threaten: Economic ruin hangs over the town.
hang up,
to suspend by placing on a hook, peg, or hanger.
to cause or encounter delay; suspend or slow the progress of: The accident hung up the traffic for several hours.
to break a telephone connection, as by replacing the receiver on the hook: She received an anonymous call, but the party hung up when she threatened to call the police.
to cause a hang-up or hang-ups in: The experience hung her up for years.
-----------------------------------------

