TimeStamp --> 2024-03-17T13:04:47.490202793
Number of entries --> 56

the record of points or strokes made by the competitors in a game or match.
the total points or strokes made by one side, individual, play, game, etc.
an act or instance of making or earning a point or points.
Education, Psychology. the performance of an individual or sometimes of a group on an examination or test, expressed by a number, letter, or other symbol.
a notch, scratch, or incision; a stroke or line.
a notch or mark for keeping an account or record.
a reckoning or account so kept; tally.
any account showing indebtedness.
an amount recorded as due.
a line drawn as a boundary, the starting point of a race, a goal line, etc.
a group or set of 20: about a score of years ago.
scores, a great many: Scores of people were at the dance.
a reason, ground, or cause: to complain on the score of low pay.
Informal.
the basic facts, point of progress, etc., regarding a situation: What's the score on Saturday's picnic?
a successful move, remark, etc.
Music.
a written or printed piece of music with all the vocal and instrumental parts arranged on staves, one under the other.
the music itself.
the music played as background to or part of a movie, play, or television presentation.
Slang.
a success in finding a willing sexual partner; sexual conquest.
a purchase or acquisition of illicit drugs, as heroin or cocaine.
a single payoff obtained through graft by a police officer, especially from a narcotics violator.
a successful robbery; theft.
any success, triumph, happy acquisition, gift, or win.
the victim of a robbery or swindle.
to gain for addition to one's score in a game or match.
to make a score of: He scored 98 on the test.
to have as a specified value in points: Four aces score 100.
Education, Psychology. to evaluate the responses a person has made on (a test or an examination).
Music.
to orchestrate.
to write out in score.
to compose the music for (a movie, play, television show, etc.)
Cooking. to cut ridges or lines into (meat, fish, etc.) with shallow slashes, usually in a diamond pattern, before cooking.
to make notches, cuts, marks, or lines in or on.
to record or keep a record of (points, items, etc.), by or as if by notches, marks, etc.; tally; reckon (often followed by up).
to write down as a debt.
to record as a debtor.
to gain, achieve, or win: The play scored a great success.
Slang.
to obtain (a drug) illicitly.
to steal.
to acquire; be given.
to berate or censure: The newspapers scored the mayor severely for the announcement.
to crease (paper or cardboard) so that it can be folded easily and without damage.
to make a point or points in a game or contest.
to keep score, as of a game.
to achieve an advantage or a success: The new product scored with the public.
to make notches, cuts, lines, etc.
to run up a score or debt.
Slang.
to succeed in finding a willing sexual partner; have sexual intercourse.
to purchase or obtain drugs illicitly.
to elicit and accept a bribe.
-----------------------------------------

