TimeStamp --> 2024-01-23T14:34:53.770866674
Number of entries --> 27

to toss or put in motion with a sudden impulse, as with a snap of a finger and thumb, especially so as to cause to turn over in the air: to flip a coin.
to move (something) suddenly or jerkily.
to turn over, especially with a short rapid gesture: to flip pancakes with a spatula.
to cause to switch from one political party or candidate to another: Republicans flipped the Senate and increased their majority in the House.
Slang.
to provide incriminating evidence about (an associate or accomplice); inform on: I only work with people I know won’t flip me.
to turn into an informer: The prosecutor will try to flip the defendant in exchange for a reduced sentence.
to buy and sell (real estate or another asset) for a quick profit: The buyer flipped the house for double what he paid for it, just nine months after renovations were completed.
to change (an opinion, stance, or way of thinking): Federal courts had ruled the practice unconstitutional, but an appeals judge flipped the decision.
Slang. to make (someone) insane, irrational, angry, or highly excited (usually followed by out).
Finance. to resell, especially quickly, or to refinance, as a mortgage loan.
to make a flicking movement; strike at something smartly or sharply; snap.
to move oneself with or as if with flippers: The seals flipped along the beach.
to move with a jerk or jerks.
to turn over or perform a somersault in the air.
to switch from one political party or candidate to another: Formerly Democratic, our state has flipped to become red. Last November, most state legislatures saw fewer than five seats flip one way or the other.
Slang to provide incriminating evidence about an associate or accomplice; inform on: They wanted me to flip on the guy who sold me the drugs.
to change one’s opinion, stance, or way of thinking:The CEO has been accused of flipping on the issue of employee vacation time.
to shift from one state, position, etc., to another: My mood seems to flip 180 degrees without any obvious triggers.
Slang.
to react to something in an excited, astonished, or delighted manner: He really flipped over his new girlfriend.
to become insane, irrational, angry, or highly excited (often followed by out).
an instance of flipping; a smart tap or strike.
a sudden jerk.
a somersault, especially one performed in the air: a back flip off the diving board.
Cards. a variety of seven-card stud in which each player receives the first four cards facedown and selects two of them to expose before receiving the next card.
Slang. flip side.
-----------------------------------------

