TimeStamp --> 2024-03-17T13:02:27.692869826
Number of entries --> 23

a series of objects connected one after the other, usually in the form of a series of metal rings passing through one another, used either for various purposes requiring a flexible tie with high tensile strength, as for hauling, supporting, or confining, or in various ornamental and decorative forms.
Often chains. something that binds or restrains; bond: the chain of timidity; the chains of loyalty.
chains,
shackles or fetters: to place a prisoner in chains.
bondage; servitude: to live one's life in chains.
Nautical. (in a sailing vessel) the area outboard at the foot of the shrouds of a mast: the customary position of the leadsman in taking soundings.
tire chain.
a series of things connected or following in succession: a chain of events.
a range of mountains.
a number of similar establishments, as banks, theaters, or hotels, under one ownership or management.
Chemistry. two or more atoms of the same element, usually carbon, attached as in a chain.: Compare ring1 (def. 17).
Surveying, Civil Engineering.
a distance-measuring device consisting of a chain of 100 links of equal length, having a total length either of 66 feet (20 meters) (Gunter's chain, or surveyor's chain ) or of 100 feet (30 meters) (engineer's chain ).
a unit of length equal to either of these.
a graduated steel tape used for distance measurements. Abbreviation: ch
Mathematics. totally ordered set.
Football. a chain 10 yards (9 meters) in length for determining whether a first down has been earned.
to fasten or secure with a chain: to chain a dog to a post.
to confine or restrain: His work chained him to his desk.
Surveying. to measure (a distance on the ground) with a chain or tape.
Computers. to link (related items, as records in a file or portions of a program) together, especially so that items can be run in sequence.
to make (a chain stitch or series of chain stitches), as in crocheting.
to form or make a chain.
-----------------------------------------

