TimeStamp --> 2024-01-23T14:34:55.439610812
Number of entries --> 28

a speech or written statement, usually formal, directed to a particular group of persons: the president's address on the state of the economy.
a direction as to the intended recipient, written on or attached to a piece of mail.
the place or the name of the place where a person, organization, or the like is located or may be reached: What is your address when you're in Des Moines?
manner of speaking to persons; personal bearing in conversation.
skillful and expeditious management; ready skill; dispatch: to handle a matter with address.
Computers.
a label, as an integer, symbol, or other set of characters, designating a location, register, etc., where information is stored in computer memory.
a set of characters designating an email account: Her email address ends in “.net,” not “.com.”
a set of characters designating the location of a website or a particular computer or other device on a network: He visits that website so often that its complete address comes up whenever he types its first letter into the address bar.: See also URL
Government. a request to the executive by the legislature to remove a judge for unfitness.
Usually addresses. attentions paid by a suitor or lover; courtship.
Usually Address. the reply to the king's speech in the English Parliament.
Obsolete. preparation.
to direct a speech or written statement to: to address an assembly.
to use a specified form or title in speaking or writing to: Address the president as “Mr. President.”
to direct to the attention: He addressed his remarks to the lawyers in the audience.
to apply in speech (used reflexively, usually followed by to): He addressed himself to the leader.
to deal with or discuss: to address the issues.
to put the directions for delivery on: to address a letter.
Commerce. to consign or entrust to the care of another, as agent or factor.
to direct the energy or efforts of (usually followed by to): He addressed himself to the task.
Computers. to direct (data) to a specified memory location in a computer.
Golf. to take a stance and place the head of the club behind (the ball) preparatory to hitting it.
Obsolete. to woo; court.
Archaic. to give direction to; aim.
Obsolete. to prepare.
to make an appeal.
to make preparations.
-----------------------------------------

