TimeStamp --> 2024-01-23T14:29:39.407919001
Number of entries --> 37

to pass or move over, along, or through.
to go to and fro over or along.
to extend across or over: A bridge traverses the stream.
to go up, down, or across (a rope, mountain, hill, etc.) at an angle: The climbers traversed the east face of the mountain.
to ski across (a hill or slope).
to cause to move laterally.
to look over, examine, or consider carefully; survey; consider.
to go counter to; obstruct; thwart.
to contradict or deny.
Law.
(in the law of pleading) to deny formally (an allegation of fact set forth in a previous pleading).
to join issue upon.
to turn and point (a gun) in any direction.
to pass along or go across something; cross: a point in the river where we could traverse.
to ski across a hill or slope on a diagonal.
to turn laterally, as a gun.
Fencing. to glide the blade toward the hilt of the contestant's foil while applying pressure to the blade.
the act of passing across, over, or through.
something that crosses, obstructs, or thwarts; obstacle.
a transversal or similar line.
a place where one may traverse or cross; crossing.
Architecture. a transverse gallery or loft of communication in a church or other large building.
a bar, strip, rod, or other structural part placed or extending across; crosspiece; crossbar.
a railing, lattice, or screen serving as a barrier.
Nautical.
the zigzag track of a vessel compelled by contrary winds or currents to sail on different courses.
each of the runs in a single direction made in such sailing.
Fortification.
a defensive barrier, parapet, or the like, placed transversely.
a defensive barrier thrown across the terreplein or the covered way of a fortification to protect it from enfilade fire.
Gunnery. the horizontal turning of a gun so as to make it point in any required direction.
Machinery.
the motion of a lathe tool or grinding wheel along a piece of work.
a part moving along a piece of work in this way, as the carriage of a lathe.
Surveying. a series of intersecting surveyed lines whose lengths and angles of intersection, measured at instrument stations, are recorded graphically on a map and in numerical form in data tables.: Compare closed traverse.
Law. a formal denial of some matter of fact alleged by the other side.
lying, extending, or passing across; transverse.
-----------------------------------------

