TimeStamp --> 2024-01-23T14:17:27.805295377
Number of entries --> 28

to bring together into one group, collection, or place: to gather firewood; to gather the troops.
to bring together or assemble from various places, sources, or people; collect gradually: The college is gathering a faculty from all over the country.
to serve as a center of attention for; attract: A good football game always gathers a crowd.
to pick or harvest (any crop or natural yield) from its place of growth or formation: to gather fruit; to gather flowers.
to pick up piece by piece: Gather your toys from the floor.
to pick or scoop up: She gathered the crying child in her arms.
to collect (as taxes, dues, money owed, etc.).
to accumulate; increase: The storm gathers force.The car gathered speed.
to take by selection from among other things; sort out; cull.
to assemble or collect (one's energies or oneself) as for an effort (often followed by up): He gathered up his strength for the hard job.
to learn or conclude from observation; infer; deduce: I gather that he is the real leader.
to wrap or draw around or close: He gathered his scarf around his neck.
to contract (the brow) into wrinkles.
to draw (cloth) up on a thread in fine folds or puckers by means of even stitches.
Bookbinding. to assemble (the printed sections of a book) in proper sequence for binding.
Nautical. to gain (way) from a dead stop or extremely slow speed.
Metalworking. to increase the sectional area of (stock) by any of various operations.
Glassmaking. to accumulate or collect (molten glass) at the end of a tube for blowing, shaping, etc.
to come together around a central point; assemble: Let's gather round the fire and sing.
to collect or accumulate: Clouds were gathering in the northeast.
to grow, as by accretion; increase.
to become contracted into wrinkles, folds, creases, etc., as the brow or as cloth.
to come to a head, as a sore in suppurating.
a drawing together; contraction.
Often gathers. a fold or pucker, as in gathered cloth.
an act or instance of gathering.
an amount or number gathered, as during a harvest.
Glassmaking. a mass of molten glass attached to the end of a punty.
-----------------------------------------

