TimeStamp --> 2024-03-17T12:58:20.014606443
Number of entries --> 20

an assemblage or combination of things or parts forming a complex or unitary whole: a mountain system; a railroad system.
any assemblage or set of correlated members: a system of currency; a system of shorthand characters.
an ordered and comprehensive assemblage of facts, principles, doctrines, or the like in a particular field of knowledge or thought: a system of philosophy.
a coordinated body of methods or a scheme or plan of procedure; organizational scheme: a system of government.
any formulated, regular, or special method or plan of procedure: a system of marking, numbering, or measuring; a winning system at bridge.
due method or orderly manner of arrangement or procedure: There is no system in his work.
the world or universe.
Astronomy.
a number of heavenly bodies associated and acting together according to certain natural laws: the solar system.
a hypothesis or theory of the disposition and arrangements of the heavenly bodies by which their phenomena, motions, changes, etc., are explained: the Ptolemaic system; the Copernican system.
Biology.
an assemblage of organs or related tissues concerned with the same function: the nervous system; the digestive system.
the entire human or animal body considered as a functioning unit: an ingredient toxic to the system.
one's psychological makeup, especially with reference to desires or preoccupations: to get something out of one's system.
a method or scheme of classification: the Linnean system of plants.
Usually the system . the prevailing structure or organization of society, business, or politics or of society in general; establishment: to work within the system instead of trying to change it.
Geology. a major division of rocks comprising sedimentary deposits and igneous masses formed during a single geologic period.
Physical Chemistry. a combination of two or more phases, as a binary system, each of which consists of one or more substances, that is attaining or is in equilibrium.
Computers. a working combination of hardware, software, and data communications devices.
Checkers. either of the two groups of 16 playing squares on four alternate columns.
-----------------------------------------

